Creating a conda recipe (#16)
openghg/openghg_defs: README.md

# openghg_defs

> This repository contains the supplementary information / metadata used by the OpenGHG project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the supplementary information / metadata around site, species and domain details. This is used within the OpenGHG project.
```

means that you can make changes to your local copy of the metadata and see the results straight away in your
OpenGHG workflow.

First, clone the repository

```console
git clone https://github.com/openghg/openghg_defs.git
```

Next, move into the repository and use pip to create an editable install using the `-e` flag.

> **_NOTE:_**  If you're using OpenGHG, please install `openghg_defs` in the [same virtual environment](https://docs.openghg.org/install.html#id1).

```console
cd openghg_defs
pip install -e .
```

This will create a symbolic link between the folder and your Python environment, meaning any changes you make to
the files in the repository folder will be accessible to OpenGHG.

### Install from PyPI

If you don't think you'll need to make any changes to the metadata, you can install `openghg_defs` from PyPI using `pip`:

```console
pip install openghg-defs
```

### Install from conda

You can also install `openghg_defs` from our `conda` channel:

```console
pip install -c openghg openghg-defs
```

## Usage

The path to the overall data path and primary definition JSON files are accessible using:

```python
import openghg_defs

> data_path = openghg_defs.data_path

Reviewer: Why was this removed from the README.md?
